Add Extension logs page (#2)
SkylineCommunications/SLC-LCA-GQIMonitor: SLC-S-GQIMonitor/SLC-S-GQIMonitor/CatalogInformation/README.md

- Metric history: overview of all metrics available on the system
- Application metrics: overview of the top 10 applications for each metric
- User metrics: overview of the top 10 users for each metric

> - Extension logs: overview of the logs for each extension library

Reviewer: It's not an overview

```suggestion
- Extension logs: search and inspect log entries for each extension library
```

Author: Done

> Prerequisites

Reviewer: 1. GQI DxM will also be a prerequisite in order to see the logs.
2. Maybe we should make clear that 10.5.9 + DxM is only required for the logs.
Other functionality should still work regardless

- Web version 10.5.9 or higher

> ![Screenshot](./Images/screenshot.png)

Reviewer: We better update the screenshot too
